You're only poor if you give up. The most important thing is that you did something. Most people only talk and dream of getting rich. You've done something.
Keep going. Don't quit.
"But that is not how life teaches you, and I would say that life is the best teacher of all. Most of the time, life does not talk to you. It just sort of pushes you around. Each push is life saying, `Wake up. There's something I want you to learn.' "
"If you learn life's lessons, you will do well. If not, life will just continue to push you around. People do two things. Some just let life push them around. Others get angry and push back. But they push back against their boss, or their job, or their husband or wife. They do not know it's life that's pushing."
"Life pushes all of us around. Some give up. Others fight. A few learn the lesson and move on. They welcome life pushing them around. To these few people, it means they need and want to learn something. They learn and move on. Most quit, and a few like you fight."
"If you learn this lesson, you will grow into a wise, wealthy and happy young man. If you don't, you will spend your life blaming a job, low pay or your boss for your problems. You'll live life hoping for that big break that will solve all your money problems."
You see, true learning takes energy, passion, a burning desire. Anger is a big part of that formula, for passion is anger and love combined. When it comes to money, most people want to play it safe and feel secure. So passion does not direct them: Fear does."
the more I Find out, the more I find out I need to know.
If your pattern is to spend everything you get, most likely an increase in cash will just result in an increase in spending. Thus, the saying, "A fool and his money is one big party,"
"If you find you have dug yourself into a hole... stop digging."
"Remember the golden rule. He who has the gold makes the rules."
schools were designed to produce good employees instead of employers.
Wealth is a person's ability to survive so many number of days forward... or if I stopped working today, how long could I survive?
Life is sometimes tough when you do not fit the "standard" profile.
Be smart and you won't be pushed around as much.
"If you know you're right, you're not afraid of fighting back."
"working your way up the corporate ladder."
Old ideas are their biggest liability. It is a liability simply because they fail to realize that while that idea or way of doing something was an asset yesterday, yesterday is gone.
"A few days ago, my car was not running well. I pulled into a garage, and the young mechanic had it fixed in just a few minutes. He knew what was wrong by simply listening to the engine. I was amazed.
The sad truth is, great talent is not enough."
who controls the past controls the future, who controls the present controls the past.
"You want to ' know a little about a lot"
it best to go broke before 30. "You still have time to recover"
"Job is an acronym for 'Just Over Broke.'"
"Workers work hard enough to not be fired, and owners pay just enough so that workers won't quit."
"You can't teach an old dog new tricks."
Life is much like going to the gym. The most painful part is deciding to go. Once you get past that, it's easy. There have been many days I have dreaded going to the gym, but once I am there and in motion, it is a pleasure. After the workout is over, I am always glad I talked myself into going.
"Highly specialized, then unionize."
"Winning means being unafraid to lose."
Analyze not criticize
Do not cast your pearls before swine.
Chickens of a feather agree together.
There is always another wave.
In order to make bread, every baker follows a recipe, even if it's only held in their head.
it's not so much what you know anymore that counts, because often what you know is old. It is how fast you learn. That skill is priceless. It's priceless in finding faster formulas-recipes, if you will, for making dough. Working hard for money is an old formula born in the day of cave men.
PAY YOURSELF FIRST: The power of self-discipline.
As I have said, a lesson learned from my rich dad was that "the world will push you around." The world pushes people around not because other people are bullies, but because the individual lacks internal control and discipline. People who lack internal fortitude often become victims of those who have self-discipline.
"Never ask an encyclopedia salesperson if you need an encyclopedia."
Move bank accounts to take advantage of perks and earn more interest
Sign up for every free customer rewards program you can.
Increase thy ability to earn.
Sharing the knowledge and earning from it.
Buy groceries for a week consumption.
Choosing the right Partner will impact your Success.
every minute lost is a big loss
Buy groceries for a week consumption.
A great start is half the work